Update ssl page with information regarding LE cert (#96)
snoonetIRC/website: content/ssl.md

type: page
---

> Snoonet uses [LetsEncrypt](https://letsencrypt.org) for its SSL certificate. Due to the high turnover of the certificates, we will not be listing fingerprints here. However, The cert will always be valid for `*.snoonet.org` and `snoonet.org`, and our webpage should share the same certificate. If in doubt, please feel free to ask in #help for a confirmed fingerprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snoonet uses [LetsEncrypt](https://letsencrypt.org) for its SSL certificate. Due to the high turnover of the certificates, we will not be listing fingerprints here. However, the certificate will always be valid for `*.snoonet.org` and `snoonet.org`, and our webpage should share the same certificate. If in doubt, please feel free to ask in {{< webchat channel="#help" title="#help" >}} for a confirmed fingerprint.
```
